Delayed log writes section (#229)
zeek/zeek-docs: frameworks/logging.rst

it is released by using the :zeek:see:`Log::delay_finish` function or until
a maximum, per-stream configurable, delay duration expires.

When processing of a log write is resumed, first, all post delay callbacks
given to :zeek:see:`Log::delay` are executed. Thereafter, as for a non-delayed
writes, filter policy hooks are executed and the log record is serialized.

Policy hooks attached to filters and the serialization step observe any
mutations done during the delay. Filter policy hooks may even use these
modifications for deciding on the verdict of the given log record.

.. note::

   Policy hooks attached to filters are often used to skip logging of
   uninteresting log records. When combined with log write delaying, users
   should consider lifting such filter logic up into the
   :zeek:see:`Log::log_stream_policy` hook to avoid unnecessarily delaying
   records when it is known that these will be discarded later on.

The :zeek:see:`Log::delay` and :zeek:see:`Log::delay_finish` functions increment
and decrement an internal reference count for a given write. To continue a
delayed write, :zeek:see:`Log::delay_finish` must be called as often as
:zeek:see:`Log::delay`.

> By default, a log record is delayed by the interval configured per stream.

Reviewer: My only real suggestion for a content change is to expand this bit:
```suggestion
Zeek delays a log record by a configurable interval defined for each log stream.
It defaults to the global :zeek:see:`Log::default_max_delay_interval`, and can be
adapted by calling :zeek:see:`Log::set_max_delay_interval` on the stream.

```

it at the end of the per-stream queue again.

.. note::

   While this puts additional burden on the script writer to realize per-record
   specific longer delay intervals, it alllows for a simpler internal implementation.
   Additionally, the explicit re-delaying is also meant to make users aware the
   consequences when using such long delays either on purpose or by accident.

   For multiple second or even longer delays, it is suggested to consider resumable,
   robust and non-ephemeral external post processing steps based on Zeek logs instead.
   In the face of worker crashes or uncontrolled restarts of a Zeek cluster, all
   delayed log records are inevtably lost.

The following example shows how to use the :ref:`when <when-statement>` to asynchronously
lookup the DNS names of the originator and responder addresses to enrich an
in-flight :zeek:see:`Conn::Info` record. By default, a stream's maximum delay
interval is 200 milliseconds - the ``timeout 150msec`` part ensures a delayed
write resumes after 150 milliseconds already by explicitly calling
:zeek:see:`Log::delay_finish`.

.. literalinclude:: logging/delay1.zeek

>    :caption: Enrichting conn.log with originator and responder names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :caption: Enriching conn.log with originator and responder names.
```
:-)
